.
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
911. What's your emergency?
Hello?
This is 911. Go ahead.
This is Suh Young-chul. who used to work at Chains Bio.
Today at the Doongwoori Building I plan to run an experiment.
Excuse me? Can you repeat that. please?
Ah. not an experiment.
It's closer to terrorism.
What?
That's right. A highly contagious bioterror attack.
I tested the pathogen in my body.
And it was a success.
I am the only vaccine that can stop this outbreak.
Organisms of the same species that.
for a certain time. live in the same place
Why are you waiting for me?
You're 10 minutes late. What was it this time?
It was nothing.
Traffic was bad.
so the taxi driver tried to let me off across the street.
So ?
Yeah. these things happen.
It's okay if I say it. but how can he say that to me?
So ?
It's not what I wanted.
I said. however long it takes.
drop me off at the spot I chose.
What?
So it's my fault again?
Welcome to the Chains Bio Conference.
a leading platform for future technology.
Thank you.
You brought the invitation I gave you?
...and now we'll hear from CEO Kang Woo-cheol.
Please give him a round of applause.
Is that the guy?
The one I should grovel to if I want to work here?
If only you got along with your dean.
this wouldn't be necessary.
Sure. my fault again.
But don't you care how that dean
treated his graduate students?
No. I don't.
Well. I'm sure he's a jerk.
And you couldn't tolerate that.
So you got on his bad side. and didn't get reappointed.
I'm just curious...
Why are you so fixated on your ex-wife's career
10 years after the divorce?
Because you have no friends.
You keep doing things that make people hate you.
Does your wife know you look after your ex-wife like this?
My wife is not as sensitive as you are.
She's probably even concerned for you.
What a cool wife.
You're a great match. I'm happy for you.
If I say our company's main business
is collective intelligence.
people might wonder.
"Why is a bio company.
rather than an IT company. studying that topic?"
Collective intelligence is a common term
in the field of sociology.
but the first person to use the term
was an entomologist who studied ants.
William Morton Wheeler.
Collective intelligence is a key force driving evolution.
You know the yellow slime mold 'Physarum polycephalum'?
These fellows upgrade themselves
through information exchange
and optimize the direction of their growth towards food.
Although not multicellular organisms.
they can learn and remember.
Inspired by these remarkable traits.
we were able to dramatically improve
the production of organic semiconductors.
Let's give a hand to our little collaborators.
This guy's more interesting than I expected.
This isn't some lame company that makes copycat drugs.
It's a serious. enterprising firm.
After I introduced you.
they even sent another invitation for you.
Actually. that's why I came.
I was curious what this message meant.
To Prof. Kwon: Imperfect communication.
the source of all tragedy
...so this chip helps damaged nerves carry information.
We injected it into a rat with severed spinal nerves
and paralyzed hind legs.
and as you can see. just a moment later.
It was able to move no different from a healthy rat.
If we continue with this research.
and apply it to the human brain.
I believe it may enable a direct transfer
of information between individuals.
When that happens.
we may live in a world where
you can't think bad thoughts in front of others.
Thank you. CEO Kang.
Please give him a round of applause!
Next. to introduce Chains Bio's global market strategy...
It's your first vacation in ages.
So why spend it with the younger brother you see every day?
This way I can get some fresh air. go shopping...
You know how stifling it is working at a computer all day?
Wow. look at all the camping stuff they have these days.
I could just live outdoors.
The clothes are nice. too.
Should we go camping? On your next vacation?
-The two of us? - Yeah. let's go.
We'll grill some meat...
That'd be great!
We can go. why not?
That's great. I'll buy some equipment.
You get back to work. Lunchtime will end soon.
- No. I'll head back after you. - No need.
The facilities here are great. So convenient.
Don't I work my ass off so I can live in civilization?
You always go on about civilization.
why do you want to go camping?
Camping is civilization. too.
Go on. See you at home.
I'll look around before going.
Okay. bye...
-Take care..- Yeah.
Take care. Yeah.
Hello. sir. I enjoyed your presentation.
Oh. Professor Han.
This is Professor Kwon Se-jeong. who I mentioned last time.
Thank you for inviting me.
And for this note on my invitation.
Just a moment.
Hello?
Mr. Kang Woo-cheol?
Yes. Who's speaking?
I'm Lee Bong-seok. from the Seoul Counterterrorism Squad.
How can I help you?
You know a man named Suh Young-chul?
This call seems important. Let's talk later.
Ah. sure. We'll wait.
You sure he's the one who sent this invitation?
What are you doing? Go after him.
What?
Just hand him your card
and say "I'm Kwon Se-jeong." that's all. .
Why are you looking for Dr. Suh?
We received a call
that Dr. Suh is planning a terrorist attack
in the building hosting your conference.
I think I saw him today at the conference.
Are you certain?
Not 100% certain.
He was standing too far away.
Our team will arrive there soon.
If you see him again. call me immediately at this number.
All right. I will.
Nice speech. Woo-cheol.
So impressive.
Information exchange through organic semiconductors?
You know how hard I researched that.
Consciousness in a multilateral network.
Well. if that existed.
no one would be betrayed and kicked out like me. right?
You freak.
The technology you researched can't be used anywhere.
Bro.
I'm taking humanity to the next level.
Enabling a second cognitive revolution.
You know what?
You...
are just a psycho.
Get lost. you loser!
But when you hired me.
you said my research was great.
That you respected my research.
It was all just an act. so you could steal my research.
And now... psycho?
You stole research from that psycho.
You just want to make humans go extinct. don't you?
Not extinct.
It's a birth.
The birth of a new humanity.
Just imagine it.
Perfect communication will be possible.
All the byproducts of crass individualism.
jealousy. rivalry. suspicion...
Those bizarre losses that arise from unstable communication.
That's what I'm trying to stop.
Wow!
You crazy freak.
Give it a try.
It's got nothing to do with me.
I'm clocking out. so good luck with that.
I want you to be the link between me and the new humanity.
What the hell are you doing?
Research.
You goddamned maniac!
Hey. look at this.
Hey mister!
Shouldn't we call 911?
Did you talk to him?
Seemed like a bad time.
Really? Just a sec.
No. really. I don't think he'll want to talk now.
Let's go eat. He'll call back.
Police. Where's the conference hall?
Turn left and go up the stairs. then...
What is that?
Go.
Sir. are you okay?
Call the containment team. - What?
Call for a lockdown!
Hi!
Where are you. Daddy? What are you doing?
I'll head home now.
Honey. where's your passport?
Should be in the drawer in the study.
- You still with Professor Kwon? - Yeah.
I'll head home soon.
Want to say hi?
Anyway. hurry home. We need to pack.
Okay.
Say bye to Dad. - Hurry home. Dad!
Where are you going? Traveling?
Why don't you answer? You immigrating or something?
Well...
A teaching position opened at UC Irvine...
Really. you're going to the US? For how long?
This time. we may just stay there.
Ah. now I get it.
You're leaving. so you wanted to set
your ex-wife up with a job before going?
Anyway. congrats.
It's good news. right?
Since it's the last time. let me ask.
Why did you marry me?
Well...
The way you never back down when you think you're right...
your personality?
Wow. after you always begged me not to do that.
You liked that?
I did... I liked it.
But I couldn't keep up with you.
I couldn't handle it.
I've always been a bit of a coward.
That's why I broke up with you.
Don't worry. I'll be okay.
It's not like you. talking like that.
I'm not saying you should change...
Done eating?
Let's go. your wife is waiting.
There she goes again....
Thank you.
Have a good evening.
Welcome.
Shit. that's so funny. Yeah...
Hey. I'll call you back.
I'm gonna stuff my face.
Yeah.
Three people? - Yes. three.
From here to here....we'll take it all.
All of it?
Yeah. all of it.
You're paying today.
Got it?
Damn it. So-eun!
You should answer him. huh?
The entire building is being locked down.
Security personnel. evacuate everyone immediately!
What's going on?
Hey!
Everyone evacuate!
Move! Out of the way!
Come out! Everyone move!
Isn't the parking lot that way?
Se-jeong.
You should find at least one friend you can rely on.
Everyone run!
Run!
Se-jeong!
Damn it...
Hurry!
That way!
Come quick! Hurry!
Hyun-hee. are you hurt?
I'm okay.
What's going on?
It's a terrorist attack.
Who are you?
I'm a policeman.
We got a call that a bioterrorist attack
would take place in this building.
Those people seem to have been affected by the attack.
What the hell?
What the fuck?
What the hell is this?
What are those freaks doing?
Turn off the light
What about those students?
Do something. you're a policeman!
We're not safe here. either.
Let's just wait for backup.
So we're going to stand here
and watch as those people get killed?
Hyun-seok...
It looks like they're going towards that sign.
Huh? The sign?
We can lure them with these.
Those?
What will you do with them?
Use this. my wheelchair!
What are you talking about?
What'll you do without it?
Didn't you see earlier?
If I'm going to get out. I won't be able to do it on this.
We can't just let those people die.
Fuck!
Hurry!
What?
I can't. There's no way.
Hey. don't go out there!
This way!
Hurry!
Shut up. will you?
Why'd she do that?
I'll go get her.
Come. let's go.
Come with me.
You can do it. Let's go.
Take my hand and go.
Let's go. hurry.
Kyu-seong!
Come here. asshole!
Get in. hurry!
If I say our company's main business
is collective intelligence...
"Why is a bio company.
rather than an IT company. studying that topic?"
These fellows upgrade themselves
through information exchange.
Collective intelligence is a key force driving evolution.
Kyu-seong!
Hurry!
No!
This afternoon. the Doongwoori Building
was locked down following an act of bio-terrorism.
Health authorities designated the location a terrorism zone.
and a full quarantine is in effect until an investigation...
The Counterterrorism HQ says
the virus in question is highly contagious
and spreads extremely quickly.
The Disease Control Agency is devoting all its resources
to obtaining
and researching possible vaccines.
Meanwhile. unconfirmed rumors
about this bio-terrorism attack
are rapidly spreading online.
SWAT deployment complete.
Double barricade of Doongwoori Building in place.
Visual confirmation.
Hello. shoppers.
Thank you for visiting Doongwoori Shopping Mall today.
The shopping mall is now closing.
We look forward to welcoming you tomorrow
with even better service.
We wish you a comfortable and safe trip home.
Thank you.
Shit. the data's not working.
I'm okay. Yeah.
And you. Dad?
My Dearest Daughter
Really? Thank God...
Dad!
- Who are you? Where's my dad? - Did Dad answer?
Ji-hye. go to Grandma for a sec.
- Why? - Just for a sec.
Mom. take her.
Right. come with me for a minute.
What...
What about Kyu-seong?
Did he go somewhere?
Kyu-seong...
saved some people. and then...
Who...
Who did he save?
Everything just sucks!
And then what?
And then what happened?
-Kyu-seong... - Dad!
What are you talking about?
You know how long I've been stuck here?
You won't get infected unless you're bitten!
What did you say?
What's this?
What do you think?
You're going to carry me?
Who else is going to carry you?
Think of it as going camping.
This is why you should think twice before helping others.
Listen. Officer!
There's a rescue team coming to get us. right?
The rescue team
can't come in here.
What?
What are you saying?
We're all still alive!
The news has reported that this virus
is unbelievably contagious.
Until an epidemiological analysis is done.
this building is under quarantine.
Then what about us?
They're telling us to just die here?
I don't wanna die...
- I don't wanna die! - I'm going fucking crazy...
Fuck. you know how much I pay this country in taxes?
But they won't save me?
There is one way that we can be saved.
What's that?
The man behind this attack. Suh Young-chul.
says he's injected the vaccine into his own body.
If we find him and bring him out. we can all be rescued.
Where is he?
It's said he attended the seminar in this building today.
and there's no sign that he left.
Suh Young-chul...
came to meet Chains Bio CEO Kang Woo-cheol.
That's right.
How'd you know that?
After the seminar.
I saw him by Kang's VIP Room on the 3rd floor.
You must be a professor.
Then where did he go?
I saw him follow Kang into the room.
So what are we supposed to do?
We can't even set foot outside this door!
Go up to the 3rd floor? How can we make it there?
Right...
Those people out there
seem to be evolving through information exchange.
First they walked on all fours.
and charged at signs.
Now they walk on two feet
and their ability to identify humans
is slowly taking shape.
They're exchanging info?
How. by calling each other?
Words are not the only way to communicate.
Like fungi or mushrooms.
many creatures other than humans
have their own communication networks.
For example. ants communicate by pheromones.
And to expedite the exchange of pheromones.
they create a communication network of mucus.
So you're saying the infected people there.
they're in a state resembling ants?
If they have collective intelligence based
on information exchange.
perhaps we can input false information.
What. they've turned into ants?
So how do we give them false info?
Show them fake news?
Ants. too. often show errant behavior
when receiving false information.
For example. ant mills.
Sometimes while exchanging pheromones.
Ant Mill an error occurs.
At such times. they form a giant circle in one spot
and keep turning in place. unable to stop.
Until they die.
So how are we going to give them false information?
If one of us went to them giving off a special odor.
and the rest of us stood still.
giving off a completely different odor.
I don't think they'd be able to recognize us as humans.
Then until they figure out their mistake.
we can buy ourselves some time.
Who's gonna do that?
I'll do it.
You'll fail. 100%.
Look. how about someone more fit?
This guy should do.
I'll do it.
I said I'll do it.
You're looking down on me because of my age.
But in my 20s. I won a gold medal
in a national track and field competition.
Yeah sure. you stay out.
That hurts! Ouch!
I coached track and field before retiring.
Professor. tell me what I should do.
Where should I put this?
Here.
- Here? - Yeah.
I added you all to a group chat. so check it.
If they're exchanging information. we should do it. too.
Bring back this same perfume.
Hey. you nutjobs!
Come and get me!
Hurry!
Close the door!
I got them. Here.
That antifreeze. bring it here
That antifreeze. bring it here!
Antifreeze. okay!
Here.
That stinks!
Why does this smell so strong?
Ready? - Yeah.
We can go now.
Hurry up!
Let's just go!
What are you doing?
Does anyone have a lighter?
Hurry. run!
Behind us!
Run. quickly!
Hold on tight.
Look out!
How did a world-renowned scientist
become a terrorist threateniing the nation?
Let's look into the background of Dr. Suh Young-chul.
He was top-ranked at his university
from entrance to graduation.
and his graduation thesis "Biocomputing With Fungi"
was published in the journal Science.
For such a promising talent
to suddenly commit terrorism
and hold the nation hostage.
it's quite hard to understand.
Reporter Kim Seong-il.
are there any notable details
concerning Suh Young-chul ?
Suh's father was a professor of Applied Biology
at Seocheong University.
PROF. SUH DENIES MISUSE OF RESEARCH FUNDS
While he was there.
an anonymous tip led to an internal report
on misuse of funds for his research lab
and exploitation of student researchers.
and this was widely covered in the press.
Four weeks after the report
Professor Suh chose to end his own life.
Is there any link between this incident
and Suh Young-chul's terrorist attack ?
Could it be some sort of revenge?
So far. Suh has not made any requests or demands.
so it seems unlikely that the two incidents are related.
At the moment. the government has not released
any information about the attack.
3rd Floor.
No one here.
Hurry!
Suh Young-chul. you are under arrest
for the Doongwoori Building terrorist attack.
You have the right to an attorney.
and the right to remain silent.
Anything you say can and will be used against you in court...
Nice to meet you.
Using water to disrupt their communications network.
that was your idea. Professor Kwon?
What's this?
You two know each other?
But that was a mistake.
Water evaporates quickly.
If water mixes in the air with their network.
won't it work faster?
Forget it.
What now?
Is the rescue team coming?
No.
We have to meet the rescue team on the roof.
What?
The rescue team must not be exposed to the infected.
We almost died coming here. now we have to go to the roof?
Can't the rescue team come down and wipe them all out?
Those people are patients.
We've been ordered not to kill them without reason.
What bullshit!
Those monsters out there are patients?
Do patients kill people?
Damn it. I don't care if they're monsters or whatever.
At any rate. if we can get him up to the roof.
the rescue team will come. Then we can all survive.
We just need to find a safe way to get there.
Is there one?
There is.
There's a cargo elevator that most people don't know about.
That seems safest.
I think that security guard's right.
Alright. let's give it a try.
You take the lead.
Let's go.
You first.
Professor Gong!
You got here quickly.
Yes.
This was Suh Young-chul's research lab?
Yeah.
After leaving Chains Bio. it seems he kept researching here.
Professor Joo!
Yeah.
Say hello. This is Myunghan University Biotechnology
Professor Gong Sul-hee.
These are professors Lee Hyeon-myeong and Jo Hyeon-mi.
So the government has assembled
this special investigative team.
When the SWAT team goes in. we'll join them.
so prepare yourself. Professor Gong.
Understood.
Alpha Team take the front door.
Delta Team enter from the back.
Shit...
I'm gonna do it.
I'm pushing it.
Hurry up!
Hurry!
Close the door. quick!
Going up.
We'll be on the roof in 5 minutes.
How old are you?
You're in great shape for your age.
The way you slid back there was so cool.
You were so fast.
Like this.
The doors are opening.
No!
He got away!
Who cares if he did?
You really think that bastard's more important than us?
That jerk is the vaccine.
You saw it now. The infected didn't even touch him.
We need to take that vaccine out with us!
But...
How are we supposed to bring him out?
You saw how those monsters are swarming all over!
How do we pull him out of there?
The doors are opening.
What? Are those bastards mimicking us?
The doors are closing.
What do we do now?
-Hyun-seok. - Yeah?
Is there a control room where
you can see all the building's CCTVs?
What? A control room?
You should know. you're on the security team.
Yeah.
If we can watch all of the CCTVs.
we can see where he's going in real time.
The control room...
is at the very end of Floor B2.
B2! B2!
For now. let's go there and look for Suh.
Alpha. clear.
Delta. clear.
He's set up an entire lab here.
You should see this over here.
What is this? Are they all dead?
They're alive.
What experiment was he doing?
Here! This one's been opened!
Contact!
SPECIAL OPERATION UNIT
Attack!
Return fire!
Alpha down!
Contact!
Take her to safety!
Targets have stopped moving. Clear. confirming.
Clear. confirming.
They've all stopped.
Each defend your own zone.
In case of danger. respond immediately.
What's that?
That's evolving?
Where's the control room?
That way.
Okay. let's move quietly.
Pull yourself together!
Sit me down here.
Close that.
These are the main cameras.
And for the auxiliary cams...
CCTV.
What floor did Suh get off on?
8th floor?
The 9th floor. I'll start looking there.
You're in great shape for your age.
The way you slid back there was so cool.
You were so fast.
How could Suh have known?
The things he said in the elevator.
as if he'd watched what we'd done.
You're right.
Is he watching CCTVs like us?
If Suh can see through the eyes of the infected...
Hold on. then...
Whatever these monsters see.
Suh can see the same thing?
He sees the same thing? What the hell?
I found him!
Where's that bastard going?
What's he doing?
Where is he going?
It seems he's searching for something.
He stopped.
Where is that?
3rd Floor. Building A Hallway...
Bro!
You locked me up. so I had a hard time finding you.
Oh. that's...
CEO Kang Woo-cheol.
Huh?
The first person Suh met.
He was probably the first infected.
See. wasn't I right?
I said you'd be my link to the new humanity.
So hurry up and bite me.
Wait. did he just bite him?
What's happening to him?
Look at them.
I'm not sure what it is.
but they must be receiving some
completely new sort of information.
What is it? Is it connected to Suh being bitten?
I have no idea.
Then how long will they be in this condition?
Before. they were like that for several minutes.
There's no way to know.
Okay. this is our chance.
While they're in that state. we should go get the vaccine.
He's on the 3rd floor. it won't take long.
I'll watch the CCTV from here
and tell you where it's safe. through the group chat.
What you?
You're going to stay here?
Get the vaccine and come back.
Until then. I'll tell you where to go.
How can I leave you behind?
Listen to me. This is the safest way.
Yes. let's do that.
We don't know when they'll wake up. so let's hurry.
Let's drag him to someplace safe.
What's going on?
Go. quick!
Hurry! Run!
Hurry! Get inside!
Hurry!
What is this freak doing?
They're leaving.
Go that way.
This way. quickly!
They're gone.
What the hell did you do?
Ah. did you only pretend to go out? You're smart.
You think if you cover my eyes.
you'll be able to get out of here alive?
What's this freak yammering about?
Since getting bitten by Kang Woo-cheol.
it seems he can communicate with all of them.
Wait. then...
that means he can control all those monsters out there.
Let's only communicate by texting.
Don't let him see or hear anything.
But didn't we file all of our reports already?
Why are they calling us to the Counterterrorism HQ?
We'll see when we get there.
From office go straight to emergency exit.
Up stairs to 4th floor. to machine room.
Let's hurry.
Wait a minute.
We're going back to where we started.
That's right. Why?
We need to pick up my sister.
But now we can get out with the vaccine.
Oh. that's right.
This way. there's an elevator to the roof.
What's going on?
SECURITY
What are you suggesting here?
But now we just need to go up.
You expect us to go back to the control room?
Control Room
What the hell?
Hey!
What do you think you're doing?
-You... What?
What did you do?
Stop it.
Make it fucking stop!
I can't let this bastard go.
I'm taking him with me. You. follow me!
Come on!
What are you doing?
Are you crazy?
Don't touch that vaccine!
I'm sorry. but give up on your sister.
It's too late.
Hyun-seok
Until he brings back his sister.
we're going to wait here.
Got it?
Everyone listen up.
This vaccine here is more important than anyone.
This is for the whole world. okay?
If you want to live. lead the way.
Now!
Hyun-seok!
Are you okay? I'm going to you now.
Which way is safe to go?
Which way should I go?
Hyun-hee!
Um...
Keep going straight ahead.
and turn right.
Okay. then what?
This time. go left.
Go straight. then take the stairs on the right.
No no. stairs on the left!
The left?
Here? Is this right?
Yeah.
Go up those.
Okay. I'm here.
Go out the door and take the elevator.
Here it is!
I'm here!
Are you okay?
Hyun-hee. you made a mistake.
this elevator doesn't go to the basement.
You're all set now. Press the 4th floor.
The 4th floor? Get off there?
Hyun-seok...
Then what?
Listen closely to what I say.
From the 4th floor.
go right until you see an emergency stairway.
Climb up to the 7th floor.
Then you can rejoin the group you left.
What are you talking about?
Hyun-hee!
Tell me quickly.
Hyun-seok. focus!
Hyun-hee!
Hyun-seok!
Get out of here alive.
It's too late for me.
No. it's not too late.
It's not fucking late. I'll go there!
I can go there now.
Just tell me.
We should've gone camping last week.
Go on. I'll hang up now.
Wait. don't ...
Wait...
What the hell?
Oh no!
You all killed my sister. I feel so bad!
I'm going to kill that vaccine.
And you you people will never get out of here alive.
Is there even a plan?
My brother is trapped in there.
infected by some chemical weapon.
They can't just leave him there!
Please send in medical staff or someone right now!
They keep telling us to wait. but how long can we wait here?
Excuse me. Minister.
They're here.
Dear me.
Thank you for coming.
Just a second.
I think we'll have to talk over there.
Join us. Police Commissioner.
Yes.
I'll get right to the point.
Let's say the people inside
are in a state resembling those monkeys.
Then what are the chances they can return to normal?
Well...
right now. we can't say with certainty..
Very unlikely.
What do you mean? Explain it simply.
Nerve cells. once they're destroyed.
cannot be healed or recovered.
Put simply.
once infected. they are more or less brain dead.
Our squad leader has Suh Young-chul. right?
Yes. he does.
And the rescue team's on standby.
since they can't hurt the infected.
That's right.
In that case.
as the special investigative team explained to me just now.
I'd like you to make a formal announcement.
In particular...
if Professor Gong Sul-hee. a victim's family member herself.
makes an announcement about the state of the infected.
citizens may be more willing to trust her.
You're saying you want justification
to shoot the infected people inside?
With us taking responsibility?
No. no responsibility. You say it's impossible to treat?
So what's most important is to
secure the vaccine to stop further spread.
Right?
Everything we've said up until now is speculation.
Even if they're brain dead.
we need more time to study it. Minister.
Hold on.
Why are you changing your position?
We're not changing our position.
- We're just stating facts! - Don't get upset.
- You said there's no way to treat it. - What we mean is...
I'll do it.
Professor Gong. just a minute. This isn't right. hold on.
And then...
there's something else you have to do.
Among the monkeys in Suh's lab.
once the one marked #1 was killed.
all the other monkeys stopped moving.
What's that monkey #1?
Based on his records.-
this was the first monkey to be infected.
So if we take out the first person
in that building to be infected.
all the others will stop moving. is that right?
Yes. I believe so.
Hold on. in that case...
Let's do this.
Call the security firm in charge of the building
and get a link to the CCTV.
Let's find out who was the first to get infected.
Then under the name of Professor Gong.
we'll issue a press release on the team's findings.
Quickly. okay?
Let's get this moving. Hurry up.
Let's go.
Have you gone mad?
Don't you know if things go badly. they'll blame it on you?
What's important now is not who's responsible.
It's stopping more infections.
We're sending you the link to the
Doongwoori Building control room CCTV.
Take a look.
It was about noon yesterday when the incident occurred.
Thoroughly investigate what happened in that building.
What we need to find
is the very first person infected in Suh's terrorist attack.
-Got it? Yes. sir.
Let's begin.
...go up stairs to 31st floor lounge.
then take emergency stairway to roof.
There it is.
This is an announcement of escape routes
in case of fire or emergency.
Your current location
is Building A. 31st floor VIP lounge.
Damn it...
Hurry!
What. you killed it?
You said they're patients!
You said we can't kill patients!
What now? Where should we go?
Turn around and run!
Turn around? Come on. hurry!
You asshole!
Hurry!
Save me!
Save me...
You said you're a cop... how could you?
Shit!
Take me. you bastard!
Let go!
Save me!
Save me. you asshole!
Let go of me. you bastard!
Let go!
Shit.
For fuck's sake...
What do we do now?
How can we get to the rescue team?
We have to be quiet. Let's communicate only by texting.
Then what should we do now?
Too dangerous to go to the rescue team.
We need to make them come to us.
How do we contact the rescue team?
What are you talking about?
I want to know too.
Son of a bitch...
I'll get the dead policeman's phone
and contact the rescue team.
You stay and watch over Suh.
I'll get the dead policeman's phone
and contact the rescue team.
I think I found it!
Put it up on the screen.
Who is that?
Kang Woo-cheol...
Chains Bio CEO Kang Woo-cheol was the first to be infected.
Track him and find out where he is now.
Yes. sir.
Is she just going to go off with the rescue team?
What if she just leaves us behind?
Don't you get it?
Without him. the rescue team's not coming anyway.
And don't talk for no reason.
He hears everything we say.
Fuck.
We're screwed anyway.
The cop died. all of them died...
How can you stay so calm in this situation?
Because it was even worse.
With you and your gang bullying me. every day was hell.
Worse than this.
I'm sorry.
What?
I said sorry.
For everything I did to you.
All of a sudden?
Now?
After all the bullying you did?
I said. I'm sorry!
But it's all over now!
We're going to die here.
That woman.
she'll come for us. for sure.
And we'll get out of here alive.
So stop crying.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. So-eun.
If you want to apologize to me.
do it properly once this is all over.
All right.
Police Commissioner Park Jeong-hwan
Officer Lee.
Where are you?
Do you have Suh with you?
You subordinate was killed.
What? Who are you?
Who are you?
My name's Kwon Se-jeong.
I'm one of the people who've been holding Suh Young-chul.
Where is Suh now?
He's confined in a safe place.
Send the rescue team to where we are.
I found the current location of the first infected!
Where is it?
Building C. 15th floor hallway.
Then what should we do?
Divide the rescue team on the roof into two teams.
One team will secure Suh.
and the other will go kill the first infected.
as the professor said.
Even if we can't treat them. we need to secure the vaccine.
Listen. where is Suh Young-chul now?
We'll send a rescue team immediately.
The warehouse in Building A. 32nd floor. Come quickly.
Approaching the target.
Destination is beyond this hallway.
Infected at 12 o'clock!
Shoot them
Alpha Team. report location.
Moving to target in Building A.
Are you in there? We're the rescue team.
They're here! - Open the door. We're the rescue team.
Yes!
Na-yoon!
We're the rescue team.
You said you'd apologize?
Do it now.
Fuck!
Go away!
Stay away. you monster!
No!
Clear!
Passage secured. Re-entering.
Target in sight!
There he is. there...
Huh. why'd it go off?
Why'd it go off?
Try connecting again.
Confirmed dead.
It's over now. right?
They've all stopped?
What's that?
Requesting backup!
And Suh Young-chul?
Isn't that him?
There!
Those idiots.
No!
Get a grip.
If you kill Suh now. more people will be in danger.
What do I care about that now?
Hey!
You people...
You abandoned my sister!
Want me to make your wish come true?
What did you say?
Hyun-hee?
Did you see that?
Doesn't she look much better?
Professor Kwon?
You sent this invitation. didn't you?
My inspiration to create these children
came from you. Professor Kwon.
My dad begged you.
To Prof. Kwon: Imperfect communication.
the source of all tragedy
Se-jeong. this is a misunderstanding.
The law doesn't always match the actual situation.
Borrowing the name of students who didn't take part
was the only way to pay students who did participate.
They all agreed to it.
No. no. Se-jeong...
This is a tragedy resulting from imperfect communication.
No. please.
Se-jeong... Se-jeong?
And so. all of this was because of that incident?
If you want revenge. take it out on me. asshole!
What revenge?
My dad's death
was a tragedy caused by imperfect communication.
Not because of someone like you.
Like you... like you...
Compared to the great achievements of mankind.
the knowledge possessed
by any individual is incredibly limited.
That limitation creates a state of terrible incomprehension.
In the end. the way to stop all such tragedies
is to connect all of our minds together.
The imperfect communication of human beings.
all the tragedies that result from
not fully understanding what others feel.
This system is the perfect solution.
That's what we are.
What do less evolved beings like you have over us?
Ah ...
The freedom to be an outcast?
Can you handle that. Professor?
You do this because you can handle it?
Then go ahead. be an outcast.
Alpha Team. target located.
Alpha Team. vaccine secured! Vaccine secured!
If target's secured. withdraw quickly!
Well. it's a shame. but at least we've got the vaccine...
Then what about her?
You're just going to abandon her?
Send the rescue team back in now!
Okay. everyone...
Professor. get some rest. okay?
I think your job here is done.
Escort the professor out. Back to your places.
- This way. please. - Let go!
Alpha Team moving to Building C Rooftop.
Roger. Charlie Team ready to move to adjacent building.
My Better Half
Hello?
Hello? Professor Kwon? Are you okay?
I know your situation there.
You know my situation?
I was watching from the Counterterrorism HQ.
I'm sorry.
I don't think the rescue team can go back.
Then why are you calling me?
I thought I had found a way to stop the infected.
There was a group of monkeys Suh experimented on at his lab.
When a monkey marked #1 was killed.
all the other monkeys stopped moving.
They stopped moving?
So I thought killing the first infected
would solve everything...
The monkey marked #1
It's not the first one to be infected.
It's the monkey that controls all the others.
In that case. monkey #1 is
Suh Young-chul himself.
Alpha Team arriving at destination.
Have you ever been shot?
Eyes forward.
I'm so sore.
Tell them to kill Suh Young-chul immediately.
That'll stop all of them from moving.
If Suh gets outside. we're finished!
We can't. If we kill him now.
not only the victims' families.
but everyone scared of getting infected
will become our enemies.
The government won't easily make that decision.
Can you handle that?
Then go ahead. be an outcast.
So that's what he meant.
Is he really the vaccine?
Never mind what others think. what do you think?
You have to decide.
Any issues bringing Suh Young-chul outside?
No. Suh Young-chul is coming out safely.
We need to eliminate Suh Young-chul!
What are you talking about?
I called Professor Kwon who's in the building now.
and she said Suh is controlling all of the infected.
Suh Young-chul is #1.
We need to kill him.
Seriously? Kill the vaccine?
Your responsibility extends only
to that operation that failed earlier!
Does anyone have clear evidence
that we need to kill our only vaccine?
Anyone? Anyone have it?
The vaccine is on his way here now. It's all finished!
HQ. lifting lockdown here. One SWAT vehicle moving.
The vaccine is being moved to the safe zone.
HQ. vehicle has entered! I repeat. vehicle has entered!
Too many people are gathered in front
of Doongwoori Building. Support needed.
Requesting all available personnel
to be sent to Doongwoori Building.
Secure the area! Move back!
Stop. please. Move back.
Move back. move back!
Minister!
The barricade in front of
Doongwoori Building is being breached!
What?
Come on.
No... we need to get Suh.
Where are the nearest army units?
All the troops in Seoul are mobilized in there.
Damn it!
Listen. everyone. Let's disband for now. okay?
We'll decide the HQ's new location later.
Everyone evacuate. quickly!
Hello?
What happened to Suh?
The people in charge here are all running away.
And Suh Young-chul escaped.
Can you check Suh's location? You said you saw everything.
Just a minute. I'll call you right back.
Professor Gong.
Professor Gong!
Do we know Suh's location?
What?
What are you doing?
You need to evacuate!
There's no time! Go. quickly!
I found him.
He's at 32 Sinsok Street. on the main road.
See the car with blinking lights?
I see it.
I'm watching.
Tell me which way to go.
Keep going straight.
Left at the intersection.
Turn right at the next intersection.
That idiot. covering himself in that...
Move!
Out of the way!
reverted to their original state.
Stop! Stop. you bastards!
Stop!
Please stop!
Please...
Yes?
How's it in other places? Was it successful?
They've stopped.
You did it.
I doubt people will see it that way.
What should we do?
The vaccine's gone for good now.
Everyone's going to hate me.
Don't worry.
I'll testify with you.
If you're going to be hated. I'll take it with you.
No need for that.
I'm used to people hating me.
Where are you now?
I guess we have a lot of work ahead of us.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today